Serve as an Accountant for this mid-size web and app developing firm with $12 million in annual revenue. Accountable for the integrity of financial statements to the bonding company and management. Analyzed and maintained an adequate system of accounting records and a comprehensive set of controls designed to mitigate risk. Enhanced the accuracy of the company's reported financial results and ensured that results comply with generally accepted accounting principles. Provided management job cost reports using percentage of completion method. Supervised the accounting department in the areas of payroll, accounts receivable and accounts payable including local, state and federal government reporting requirements and tax filings. Coordinated the provision of information to external auditors at interim and annual audits.

Performed daily billing for retail energy company's 250,000 customers. Invoiced 99% of customers on day 1 of usage received Converted and tested three separate billing systems Developed Quantity and Quality Access Database check system that reduced the error rate from 10% to less than 1% Assisted Accounting with month end reports Trained new employees in all billing systems

Oversee form work for substructure for footings, columns, and caps, setting anchor bolts, pouring concrete, installation and removal of sheet and pipe piles utilizing vibratory hammer. Oversee installation of overhang jacks, edge forms, expansion joints (rubber & metal), diaphragm forms Burning sheets an pipe pile with torch or an oxy lance with magnesium rods. Installing catwalk, handrails, an grating. Removal of crane boom sections. Cutting an removal of bad sections of cable and rethreading shives and beckets. 4100 friction rig.  Supervise crew of 12 that includes carpenters, operators, pile drivers, and crane operators; conduct daily and weekly safety meetings, and complete time sheets and paperwork while ensuring on-time completion.

Provided administrative support to administrative coordinator, Chief of Staff, Director of [company name] and Fulton County Board of Health Answered multiple console telephone system Greeted and directed appointments, vendors and office visitors Composed, prepared, edited, and distributed correspondence and other department documents Maintained conference rooms calendar for 12 health centers Data entry of MIFS (Multi Purpose Information Forms) Ordered and distributed office supplies.